hey people here and in the video
I tell you something about the Christmas game
they are telling us that we are expected to be in
call of duty will get big and
it's not about those huge ones right now
mappacks we get every year
these four big card packages above
But I also made a video that
will of course in the description
be linked but in the video it works
really a santa christmas
chelsea so stupid that sounds too
Do you know black ops 2 ?
micro daisies where we spend a few cents
or 1 2 euro new payments and
could buy responsibility
and that should be in call of duty cost
The whole thing was sure to come back
not yet the 4th it was like
said already published, so to speak
a bit natural with the season
pass and the names we know now too
but even from microsoft was still
nothing said and I put the whole
not predict that I say that now
have to come because until now we had
no hints on it and you know
yes three realized the whole introduced
and actually holds a bit
Of course you probably get too
but I made a lot of sales
guess infinity ward has to be the whole thing
do not continue
but it looks like we will
get mac os again and of course
when they come out then you will open
a few hours later, too
already find videos and the interesting
is a christmas camouflage i thought
Actually, that does not mean that crazy to me
come like the camouflage itself or the
seek camouflage as black ops 2 but
we will know more calm things
yes, you feel like you want to play games
we do not want to say that call
of duty is realistic but on everyone
case are the camouflage in the monitor
gambling or generally is the whole
feeling in the modern warfare play
the infinity was a lot in the row
more serious and I actually thought so
that something funny is coming
apparently get like a christmas
camouflage green red with rewards and such
Of course the pictures in the
his description
I can not show it yet
comes trojak and somehow connected me
from youtube I already had some
problems but the whole I could god
Thankfully, so what am I still regulating
wanted to discuss is believe you will
the whole thing cost because I mean
that will not make fun but it
would be just a plus point in the community
I do not have my trade right now
A lot of money is required, I find one or
two euros are not much
but if you the whole time considering the
is a camouflage for a weapon in one
Video games are one or two euros already
quite a lot of money and I know
that many of you are very much
have excited and sit now
interest colonel ye would that
buy christmas exhibition even if
It costs you something and you would
happy and somehow infinity now
celebrate if the free household
I will definitely write that to me
in the comments I would be me
Of course happy if it was free
but as I said, even if you have something
I will buy them for myself and cost
I will then equal videos on one
channel once the camouflage outside
if there is more information
Of course I inform you that it
but first of all I would be happy
if you give my thumbs up
if you found the video informative
I have to say look today and here
will be back soon in the next video
pisa